quote_text	who_said
"If it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down."	1
"Even if life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that God intended to happen."	2
"On the rape thing it's like, how does putting more violence onto a woman's body and taking the life of an innocent child that's a consequence of this crime, how does that make it better?"	67
There are very few pregnancies as a result of rape.	69
"What does it say about the college co-ed [Sandra] Fluke who goes before a congressional committee and essentially says that she must be paid to have sex -- what does that make her? It makes her a slut, right? It makes her a prostitute. She wants to be paid to have sex. She's having so much sex she can't afford the contraception. She wants you and me and the taxpayers to pay her to have sex."	3
"Obviously, diversity would be great, but the race is not going to be defined by whether we have a woman; people are going to judge candidates based on their agenda. This isn't a beauty contest."	55
"There's no discrimination or inequality, either of these men could be married to a woman."	35
"Some women believe they can have it all, and that's the crux of the problem."	16
"The male typically is the dominant role [in] the natural world ... we as people in a smart society have lost the ability to have complimentary relationships in nuclear families, and it's tearing us apart."	16
It is a bit embarrassing that Abortion Barbie doesn't even have her facts straight.	16
[About the Democratic National Convention]: First night of the Vagina Monologues in Charlotte going as expected.	16
[On Chelsea Manning coming out as transgender]: Big question is how a nut like Bradley Manning ever got close to the information he leaked. But just remember it's not a mental health issue.	16
The incidence of rape resulting in pregnancy are very low.	64
"Watch a sonogram of a 15-week baby, and they have movements that are purposeful. They stroke their face. If they're a male baby, they may have their hand between their legs. If they feel pleasure, why is it so hard to believe that they could feel pain?"	39
"She's forgetting about the thousands of women who want an informed choice, who want the opportunity to get a free [forced transvaginal] ultrasound, which they can get not from Planned Parenthood but from a lot of these pregnancy centers."	25
In the emergency room they have what's called rape kits where a woman can get cleaned out.	27
[On her bill amendment that would deny prenatal care to expectant mothers]: But they're not born yet.	27
[On forced transvaginal ultrasounds:] You just have to close your eyes.	62
"My view is that homosexual acts, not homosexuality, but homosexual acts are wrong. They're intrinsically wrong. And I think in a natural law based country it's appropriate to have policies that reflect that. ... They don't comport with natural law."	32
"In Missouri, Todd Akin ... was asked by a local news source about rape and he said, 'Look, in a legitimate rape situation' -- and what he meant by legitimate rape was just look, someone can say I was raped: A scared-to-death 15-year-old that becomes impregnated by her boyfriend and then has to tell her parents, that's pretty tough and might on some occasion say, 'Hey, I was raped.' That's what he meant when he said legitimate rape versus non-legitimate rape. I don't find anything so horrible about that."	49
I believe life begins at the moment of conception and I don't make exceptions for rape and incest.	58
Planned Parenthood has been far more lethal to black lives than the KKK ever was.	13
"Apparently, my answer came across as supporting abortions under a rape and incest exception. I absolutely do not believe in that. ...  I wanted to make sure that my position was clear, unequivocally, that I oppose abortion in all cases of rape and incest."	43
"By getting married, the woman has consented to sex, and I don't think you can call it rape."	50
"[On whether there should be a rape exception to abortion]: I'm very proud of my pro-life record, and I've always adopted the idea that, the position that the method of conception doesn't change the definition of life."	46
"I believe and I think the right approach is to accept this horribly created -- in the sense of rape -- but nevertheless a gift in a very broken way, the gift of human life, and accept what God has given to you ... we have to make the best out of a bad situation."	52
"I am opposed to abortion in all instances, except when the life of the mother is at stake."	9
"Well, I mean, candidly, [the RNC's anti-abortion platform plank is] pretty much the exact same language as 2004 and 2008. It has no reference to particular exceptions at all. And this wouldn't be an issue but for Congressman Akin. The language is pretty much word-for-word for what we have had the last eight years."	53
Life of the mother? ... it is a matter of convenience!	7
"[On why he opposes marriage equality]: We have such crime here in Chicago, young people being slaughtered every night, we wake up in the morning and there's been another murder, another teenager has been killed. They said in the midst of a society that is so desperate and so high-crime ridden, do we really now need laid upon this the destruction of the family and the destruction of marriage?"	17
"You normal women make different choices, and that's why women are paid less."	29
"[On a Pew Study showing that 40% of women were breadwinners for their family]: ... women have become the breadwinners in this country, and a lot of other concerning and troubling statistics ... [the study shows] society dissolv[ing] around us."	36
"[On a Pew Study showing that 40% of women were breadwinners for their family]: [It's a sign of] something going terribly wrong in American society, and it's hurting our children, and it's going to have impact for generations to come."	31
[The desire for population growth] is one of the reasons why there is this movement against homosexuality.	3
[Immigration from Mexico would] turn America into a hellhole.	33
"[If] you've been living here and you've been using our roads and using our schools and using our health care system, I don't believe you should ever be a citizen of the United States. No, I don't."	33
"[Immigration reform would] decimate low-skilled workers, not just blacks -- but a large number of low-skilled workers happen to be black."	34
[On Gabon President Ali Bongo visiting the White House]: Guess who's coming to dinner? A dictator. Mr. Obama shares a laugh with one of Africa's kleptocrats. It's not the first time he's had a hoodlum in the hizzouse.	15
[On Gabon President Ali Bongo visiting the White House]: It's not the first time he's had a hood in the big crib.	15
Obama [is] chugging 40's in Ireland while tornadoes ravage Missouri.	15
"Racial warfare right now is the crack cocaine of CNN, MSNBC, and most college campuses."	21
[I'm] like a black Jew in Nuremberg 1938 and the Brownshirts can't stand me.	60
"I think that typically when you see the, I don't even remember the term they use, but the gangs of blacks lately that have been just been going down the downtown streets and breaking windows on cars. We played the Milwaukee state fair a couple years ago and these black mobs were just attacking white folks coming out of the fair. And over and over again I watch the news and here's a rape and here's a burglary and here's a murder in Chicago. 29 shot. 29 blacks shot by 29 blacks. At some point you got to be afraid of black and white dogs if the Dalmatian's doing the biting."	60
"In 2013, I got to tell you, I'm not buying any claim of black oppression."	60
"George Zimmerman and his entire family, innocent of any wrongdoing, have lost everything and will be in debt for a long, long time for having to fight the trumped-up charges that he ""profiled"" and/or set out to murder the poor, helpless, dope-smoking, dope-peddling, gangsta wannabe, Skittles hoodie boy."	60
I'm beginning to wonder if it would have been best had the South won the Civil War.	60
"The real America is working hard, playing hard, white motherfucking shit kickers, who are independent and get up in the morning."	60
More of us believe in the American hero Sheriff Joe Arpaio's thorough investigation into your phony birth certificate and phony history than the phony media's smoke and mirrors.	60
"Why the nasty ""creepy ass cracker"" racism and impulse to attack? Where does this come from? Is it the same mindless tendency to violence we see in black communities across America, most heartbreakingly in Chicago pretty much every day of the week? Where does this come from? And why is it so prevalent?"	60
That no one disciplined Rachel [Jeantel] to get the most basic education to be able to read or speak clearly is the root of unemployment for blacks.	60
[On uniting gay partners during the immigration process]: I would much prefer to export homosexuals from the United States than to import them.	48
I think there would be a place for criminal sanctions on homosexual behavior.	48
[On the Girl Scouts allowing transgender youth]: [The Girl Scouts are complicit in] the destruction of traditional American values.	6
"If it is true [that Obama wasn't born in the United States], it's illegal, he shouldn't be there and we can get rid of everything he's done, and I said I agree with that."	61
President Obama has welcomed some of the worst offenders in that cesspool to the White House when he should be condemning what these weasels are doing.	4
"[Trayvon Martin] was scrutinized by a neighborhood watchman, George Zimmerman, because of the way he looked. Not necessarily his skin color -- there is no evidence of that -- but because he was a stranger to Zimmerman and was dressed in clothing sometimes used by street criminals."	4
[I] raise a personal toast every May 10 to celebrate John Wilkes Booth's birthday.	23
[A] non-white majority America would simply cease to be America.	23
"I don't like the idea of telling private business owners -- I abhor racism. I think it's a bad business decision to exclude anybody from your restaurant -- but, at the same time, I do believe in private ownership."	51
"[On whether private businesses should have a right not to serve black people]: There are ten different titles to the Civil Rights Act and nine of ten deal with public institutions and one that deals with private institutions and had I been around I would have tried to modify that. ...When you support nine of ten things in a good piece of legislation do you vote for it or against it and sometimes those are difficult situations ... But had I been there, there would have been some discussion over one of the titles of the civil rights and I think that's a valid point, and still a valid discussion"	51
We don't know that the sales person based her judgment on The Oprah's skin color ... Maybe it's because The Oprah's fat? Well that's another - how was The Oprah dressed? I mean she didn't look like The Oprah obviously. Was she wearing jump suit with tennis shoes? Maybe Air Jordans that weren't laced up?	3
Feminism was established so as to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream of American life.	3
"I think this is social engineering run amuck. Apparently according to the bill that was signed, transgender is defined anyway they way to! As long as a child has the self-perception that they are transgender, they will be able to go into any bathroom that they want. Really, I think it's a usurpation of local, parental and community control."	42
"Can you imagine now, the boys want to go into the girls bathroom and the girls want to go into the boys bathroom, and they can just say, 'Oh, well, I was transgender for the moment.'"	22
"[Speaking on a portion of the Immigration and Nationality Act that deputizes local law enforcement to enforce immigration law]: [It's] the latest effort to rid Georgia of the taxpayer-subsidized illegal aliens who are lowering wages and straining our schools, hospitals, jails and common language."	11
"Parasitic ethnic hustlers who encourage and feed on continued illegal immigration will begin to howl that any enforcement of the law that affects the illegals who are their golden goose is 'profiling' and, sooner or later, 'racist.'"	11
"[Undocumented immigrants are] not here to mow your lawn -- they're here to blow up your buildings and kill your children, and you, and me."	11
"We have become sadly acquainted with the absolute and brazen disregard for the law that comes from the third world horde that is allowed to swarm over our border with Mexico...It is clear that when the mostly Mexican mob illegally 'migrates' into our nation, it brings with it the culture of lawlessness and chaos that is responsible for the very conditions that they flee in the rapidly deteriorating example of Democracy without the rule of law that is Mexico. "	11
Must the United States silently suffer the incursion of one million people a year because they are brown?	11
"[At the March for Dignity]: I got the sense that I had left the country of my birth and been transported to some Mexican village, completely taken over by an angry, barely restrained mob. ... My first act on a safe return home was to take a shower."	11
"[Without secure borders, America will be overrun by people] defecating and creating garbage and looking for jobs."	30
[The Mexican government is] sponsoring the invasion of the United States with hostile intent.	20
"Socioethnocentric special interest groups, meanwhile, join in the assault on our borders, demanding multiculturalism rather than assimilation into American society. America's elites have embraced corporatism, globalism, and mulitculturalism as the unholy trinity of a twenty-first-century orthodoxy that is now at work to deny our traditions, values, and way of life and to render impotent even the idea of America's national sovereignty."	36
"Unlike the immigrants of old, Mexicans bear an ancient grudge against us as the country that robbed Mexico of half her land when both nations were young."	44
"How is America committing suicide? Every way a nation can. The American majority is not reproducing itself. Its birthrate has been below replacement level for decades...Hispanics, 1 percent of the U.S. population in 1950, are now 14.4 percent. Since 2000, their numbers have soared 25 percent to 45 million...The Anglo population of California is down to 43 percent and falling fast. White folks are now a minority in Texas and New Mexico. In Arizona, Hispanics account for more than half the population under twenty. The America Southwest is returning to Mexico."	44
Gate crashers [will] be running this country and hoisting the Mexican flag...in Washington.	37
"Hoards of illegals crash our border without medical screenings [carrying] tuberculosis, Chagas disease, leprosy, Dengue fever, polio, malaria, hepatitis, and Marburg disease."	37
[In a campaign ad he sponsored]: Pushing Drugs. Raping Kids. Destroying Lives. The Consequence of Open Borders.	63
"[In a campaign ad he sponsored]: There are consequences to open borders beyond the 20 million aliens who've come to take our jobs. Islamic terrorists now freely roam U.S. soil. Jihadists, who froth with hate, here to do as they have in London, Spain, Russia. The price we pay for spineless politicians who refuse to defend our borders against those who come to kill. "	63
"Leprosy now is endemic to the Northeastern states because illegal aliens and other immigrants brought leprosy from Brazil, the Caribbean, India, and Mexico."	63
"[Undocumented immigration is] a slow-rolling, slow-motion terrorist attack on the United States."	58
"28% of the prison population, 28 percent of the murders, 28 percent of the rapes, 28 percent of the violence and the assaults and battery, first- and second-degree murder and also manslaughter attacks are committed by criminal aliens."	58
"Does the Mexican government care about the harm their people are inflicting on our environment with all the trash, clothing and human waste they are leaving when they cross illegally?"	57
"We have illegal aliens that are drinking and driving, and vicious, very dangerous, gangs in this state that are killing people."	66
"Yea, except this time Americans are the Jews and the illegal aliens and their supporters are the Nazis."	66
"We got a half a million felon illegal aliens that are on the run, half a million... that are out there tonight, murdering, raping, assaulting and stealing from Americans."	66
Illegal aliens must leave and the existing laws must be enforced or America is going to descend into the type of anarchy that a lot of these people are trying to get away from.	66
"Illegal aliens in this country have set up ethnic cleansing zones, ethnic cleansing zones where if you walk past the wrong sign post, the invisible line, you're under the threat of death."	66
"I can't see how anybody would think that someone who's here illegally in the country that's stolen someone's ID, stolen someone's American job, should then be able to rape, assault or murder and not be deported."	66
"We've got bedbugs back in all, almost all of our 58 [sic] states. We've got TB on the rise, we've got hepatitis, we've got HIV, we've got diseases like Chagas disease, which is a horrifying disease, but also, much like TB, is very, very difficult to treat at all, and it's coming in because of the, the lack of enforcement of our immigration laws and, and the end result is Americans are suffering, Americans are dying."	66
"I want to talk about crime and disease for a second...They broke the law when they stole your identity, wrecking your life. They broke the law when they took a job they weren't supposed to have...These people have shown a pattern of disrespect and a pattern of criminal behavior coming from gang-rule areas where there is no law. And that is what our nation is becoming like because it's common sense that when you inject that into a nation, that is what your nation becomes like...We got a problem. Well I got some news. According to some rough math I did 20 minutes ago, we're getting four to ten TB active cases rushing across our southern border every night."	66
"We are standing here, a group of Americans of all ethnicity [sic] to defend the USA from the huge, huge invasion and the reconquista, in English, reconquest...We will lose our Garden State because, ladies and gentlemen, they will burn it to the ground, just like what is happening in California. Remember, illegal aliens and their supporters have a different mentality, where if they do not get their way, they will burn buildings and destroy our towns one at a time for that's how they handle it in their own countries. Illegal aliens have created in this country exactly what they left behind.... If our country does not get tough on our immigration laws...we will lose America forever."	8
"I think unfortunately the horse is already out of the barn on this, on the whole birth certificate issue. The original Congress, when his eligibility came up, should have looked into it and it didn't."	5
"[June Atkinson, superintendent of public instruction for North Carolina, should] stick to her own knitting."	47
"I said valedictorians compared to people who would be legalized under the [DREAM] Act that are drug smugglers coming across the border. My characterization was exclusively to drug smugglers, and anybody that understands the language and the culture should be able to watch that tape and know that. I spoke only of drug smugglers, and if [Latina GOP Strategist] Ana [Navarro] understands the language she should know that. I didn't insult her."	58
"If you bring people from a violent civilization into a less-violent civilization, you're going to have more violence right? It's like pouring hot water into cold water, does it raise the temperature or not?"	58
[Allowing gays and lesbians to marry would open the door to polygamy] ... Different things can be treated differently if the things or people are in a very different relationship.	47
"[Relating Ariel Castro to LGBT people in response to Erwin Lutzer comparing LGBT people to pedophiles]: You know, the gentleman that was just sentenced yesterday for holding those women hostage in Ohio [Ariel Castro], and molesting them for years, and doing terrible things to them. His defense was that he loved his family, he loved his child that was born out of one of the rapes that he did of the woman... He loved, and he couldn't understand. He said, 'I'm not a monster.'"	54
Would the left be happy if we called [anchor babies] anchor fetuses?	33
[Allowing children to determine their own gender identity] is anarchy and madness.	4
Gay activists and white American slave owners are two sides of the same coin ... Homosexual activists will discover one day they too will lose the war.	10
My father had a ranch. We used to hire 50 or 60 wetbacks ... to pick tomatoes.	12
"This president, I think, has exposed himself as a guy, over and over and over again, who has a deep-seated hatred for white people, or the white culture."	19
"When you look at life expectancy, there are problems in the black race. Sickle-cell anemia is something that comes up. Diabetes is something that's prevalent in the genetic makeup, and you just can't help it. Although I've got to say, I've never had better barbecue and better chicken and ate better in my life than when you go down South and you, I mean, I love it. Everybody loves it."	65
"[If a young girl is raped by her father, she shouldn't get an abortion because] two wrongs don't make a right.  Lemons can be made into lemonade."	56
[Her reasons for opposing a citywide nondiscrimination ordinance extending protections to LGBT people]: I think it's just disgusting just to even think about. All the definitions.	14
"You may have consensual sex that night and then the next morning it may be rape.' So the way he said it was, 'Just remember, Roger, some girls, they rape so easy. It may be rape the next morning."	68
